Week 1
Group formation. We assigned group roles and created Jira accounts.
We then chose a project and discussed what languages and frameworks to use.

Week 2
We created GitHub accounts and wrote user stories as a group. We labelled the priority
for each user story and chose which stories to use in the first sprint. I also started
to draft the storyboard on invision.

We plan to finish most of the proposal by next week Friday so we can start coding.

Week 3
Alan drafted a few pages of the storyboard which I then fixed. I completed the rest of the
storyboard/user flow by myself and wrote a description for it in the proposal. For the proposal
I also wrote about the frontend layer for the software architecture diagram.

Week 4
For sprint 1, I implemented frontend UI for nav bar, search car space page, book car space page and
the booking form.

Week 5
Made minor adjustments to flask server to get it working for frontend. Improved UI for the same pages
I was working on and connected frontend to backend for search and view car space page. Greyed out
dates and showing listings according to provider's given times was working.

Not all user stories were completed in Sprint 1 so they will be moved to Sprint 2. Our main technical
obstacle was connecting the frontend to backend with the fetch api and flask server.

Week 6
We discussed the inputs needed from the frontend to the backend. I refined the total cost estimation
to include daily cost and exclude disabled dates. I also created most of the UI for my assigned 
screens while waiting for the flask functions to be completed.

Week 7
Working on search, geocoding, booking and basic map for frontend. Also fixing bugs in flask and backend.

Week 8
I finished connecting frontend to backend for search, booking and system analysis. I also fixed bugs for
login and register and check whether user is admin. I fixed listings and bookings page and delete booking
page.

Week 9
For add car space page I fixed incorrect data types, geocoded the address, check for valid postcode, upload
image and show average hourly/daily price in the suburb.
Implemented show recommendation on home screen and search page, and booking auto-cancel on frontend.
Calculate average rating from reviews on book space page.
Quickly made a view listing page that also shows bookings.
Fix default search to have less filters.

Week 10
Finished map functionality for search and directions route. 
I replaced add car space autocomplete with the google-maps package already installed.
Connect booking auto-cancel to backend.
Fixing bugs with booking total hours.